John "Hello World!" list (items -f long), playSong("Intro Song")
setScene("Classroom" -s 5.5)
World "Hello, \"Quote Here\" right back at you! 
narrator "And so ended the tradational 'Hello World' coversation. PlaySong(End, -p 0.5),list(players), saveGame(1 -g all -f simple)
Rose "I woke up to the sound of chirping blue jays and I savored the smell of darkened flour and melted butter." 
Rose "I took in a sigh of relief, because I knew it was going to be a good day today. I rushed down the stairs to the kitchen when I saw my dad in an apron and my twin brother Ruby was sitting down on a stool next to the table island."
Asus "Rose come eat your pancake that I drew Woody on"
Rose "My Dad's name was Asus and I adored because he would always make time to play with us in the arcades and make us pancake art of whatever our favorite movie character was at the time."
Rose "At the arcades I would ask for the items on the top of the prize rack and he would always give them to me no matter how much they cost."
Rose "My dad is a geneticists he was very passionate about his job, he tells us everyday what he does in the lab and someday hopes to be the number #1 scientist in the world."
Rose "I picked up my plate that had a pancake of a drawing of Woody from Toy Story and started munching."
Rose "My brother was munching on his pancake that had a drawing of Bambi."
Rose "I glanced at the center of the kitchen and saw the wooden clock that read, 8:00am!"
Rose "Which meant I had 5 minutes left to walk to the bus stop and get dressed."
Rose "So I devoured the rest of my pancake, and left my utensils in the sink."
Rose "Then I went upstairs to change into my school uniform which consisted of a white T-shirt and white blue plaid skirt."
Rose "I ran back downstairs and kissed my dad goodbye."
Rose "Ruby met me outside and we waited for the bus."
Rose "I saw the bus a block away, and it came in about 6 seconds. The bus was right in front of us now."
Rose "As I entered the bus, I immediately spotted my best friend Martha and she looked at me."
Rose "She waved me over to sit next to her."
Rose "I scurried over to her, and I exclaimed “Hiiiiiiiiiii it’s been so long, I missed you!”"
Rose "I look over to her and she has a foul expression."
Rose "She scornfully replied, “You can’t be friends with me anymore, that’s why I called you over”."
Rose "My heart sank to the bottom of my stomach."
Martha “I’m going to go sit with my friends."
Rose "My eyes stood on her while she made her way to where my bullies sat."
Rose "I sat quietly and didn’t move an inch; lost in my thoughts of why."
Rose "That’s when I started to feel a tingling sensation, all throughout my body it started getting very hot."
Rose "I held onto the seat in front of me to try to settle myself."
Rose "My eyes stood on her while she made her way to where my bullies sat."
Rose "I sat quietly and didn’t move an inch; lost in my thoughts of why."
Rose "That’s when I started to feel a tingling sensation, all throughout my body it started getting very hot."
Rose "I held onto the seat in front of me to try to settle myself."
Rose "My body felt like it was 200°F."
Rose "It felt like I was physically on fire." 
Rose "The feeling was gnawing, I held my body into a ball to try to calm my body down but It didn’t work." 
Rose "My body sweat was producing amounts of sweat I’ve never experienced before because of my body temperature." 
Rose "My eyes went blurry, and everything around me was spinning and blurry." 
Rose "I couldn’t stand it anymore, my eyes started to water." 
Rose "Then out of nowhere sparks of fire came out of my hand." 
Rose "Then suddenly my eyes, and body temperature went back to normal."
Rose "I was stunned by the events that just happened."
Rose "We were already at school, I was the last one to get off the bus because I couldn’t physically move." 
Rose "At school I couldn’t even concentrate in my classes, my thoughts were completely empty." 
Rose "On the way home, I decided that I was going to tell my dad everything." 
Rose "I sulked my way to the house and through the door." 
Rose "I saw my dad straight ahead, he was in the living room sitting on the sofa and watching TV."
Rose "He heard my footsteps from the hallway and he looked up at me."
Narrator "He waved me over to sit with him." 
Narrator "So I went over to him with extreme agony." 
Narrator "He noticed" 
Asus “What’s wrong sweetheart?” 
Narrator "I sat next to him on the sofa"
Rose "Martha abandoned me to become friends with my bullies and I had the most terrifying thing happen to me.”  
Narrator "Dad tapped his watch" 
Asus "I have 5 minutes left, so you have to hurry this up.” 
Rose "Anytime his work intervened in anything he would always pick work over anything else otherwise he was a loving dad."
Rose "I recall the events that happened on the bus with anguish." 
Rose "I breathed out a deep sigh"
Rose "After I got betrayed by my so-called Best Friend, I had a strange sensation of my body heating up and my eyes were blurry, everything was spinning." 
Rose “Then suddenly SPARKS OF FIRE were coming out of my hand!” 
Narrator "My dad was astonished and proceeded to tell me" 
Asus “You know this can be the top research project of the year.”
Rose "I could tell that my dad’s mood changed in an instant."
Narrator "He then grabbed his notebook that was on the table and proceeded to question me" 
Asus “Can you throw fireballs? Where does the fire exactly come from?”
Narrator "His pen was tapping on the notebook rapidly and his eyes went rabid."
Rose "I had a realization and my whole body started to tremble." 
Rose "I whispered fearfully, Dad…are you going to try to experiment on me for your #1 research project?”
Rose "That’s when I saw Ruby standing at the front of the entrance door, tears falling down his face, his mouth wide open."
Narrator "He then furiously said" 
Asus "Rose let’s go!” 
Rose "Tears falling down my face I obeyed him."
Rose "We both ran as fast as we could so Asus couldn’t catch us." 
Rose "We ran continuously for 30 minutes towards no destination."  
Rose The silence was deafening; until we finally stopped to take a break at a park. 
Rose "We were gasping for air and our hands went to our knees to sustain ourselves from physical exhaustion."
Rose "We looked up at each other, Ruby with distraught eyes"
Ruby “What are we going to do now?”
Rose "I don’t know." 
Rose “The park was full, families smiling together, holding hands, enjoying the activities in the park.”
Rose "There were bouncy houses, face - painting booths, art and crafts booths, and bingo.
Rose " When I saw this, I felt ambivalence."
Rose "I saw an abandoned shed at the back of the park." 
Rose "I looked at Ruby and where the shed was located" 
Rose “We could stay over there.” 
Rose "He nodded, his eyes were downcast and said"
Ruby "Are we going to hide there?”
Rose "I read Ruby’s body language, and I felt the same way." 
Rose "We took an unanticipated walk towards the shed."
Rose "I saw cobwebs and random tools inside the shed, meaning that the shed hadn’t been used in a long time therefore making it abandoned and the shed wasn’t even fully built yet because it only had the rough framing done.
Rose “EW, ughh!”
Ruby “Yup, how I feel right now.”
Rose "You know what I have an idea, we should totally decorate it!” 
Ruby "What should we decorate with? bugs? dirt!?”
Rose “We have to be creative here. Come on, think.” 
Ruby “Okay, I have an idea. How about we do makeshift stick decor?"
Rose “Oh, and I’ll collect some flowers so we can place them around here.”
Ruby "You can look around the ground and see if you can find ornaments.”
Rose “Okay, well let's get at it!” 
Rose "Both of us stepped outside to gather our materials."
Rose "I went to the park area because that’s where you find the prettiest flowers."
Rose "I was correct because I saw roses and yellow petunias." 
Rose "Imagine my luck." 
Rose "I picked a dozen of each up and went to search for Ruby." 
Rose "I made my way to the woods area of the park while simultaneously looking around to see left behind ornaments." 
Rose "After a while of walking and glancing around, on the very top pile inside a trash can there was a beautiful glass painting." 
Rose "It consisted of a blue hummingbird feeding off flower pollen."
Rose "I wondered how someone could throw it away."
Rose "I picked it up and clenched it towards my chest along with the flowers."
Rose "Excited to show Ruby I ran towards the woods to show Ruby what beautiful piece I found."
Rose "I finally got to the woods and saw Ruby piling up a bunch of sticks." 
Rose "I held up the painting and pointed at it towards Ruby’s direction."
Ruby "he gasped that sure belonged to an artist with a chuckle at the end of his sentence.” 
Rose "I glanced towards the pile of sticks"  
Rose "We should start by doing the makeshift wood decor here because there’s no way we can carry that amount of wood.”
Rose "I placed the painting along with the pile of flowers on the ground near a tree."
Rose "I felt a pang of humiliation thinking of how sticks from trees were going to be used as decor." 
Rose "How could we stoop so low... Why did happen to us" 
Ruby “I have a marvelous idea how about we make a small tree with these sticks.” 
Rose “That’s a great idea little bro but how are we going to stick them together.”
Rose "My eyes and Ruby’s immediately went to the ground hoping to find string, which was very common to find." 
Rose "Jackpot! I saw thin pieces of string near the corner of a lake." 
Rose “Look over there! while I pointed to the lake." 
Ruby “Good job sis!”
Rose "Me and Ruby sprinted over to the lake because it was already getting dark out." 
Rose "We got to the lake and I picked up the pieces of string." 
Rose "Then we made our way back to where the piles of wood were." 
Rose "I grabbed a handful of sticks and threw them on the ground."
Rose "I adjusted the sticks so it took the shape of a tree." 
Rose "Next came the branches which were just random sticks coming out of the tree." 
Rose "I tied its body and its branches together."
Rose "The tree was finished and Ruby stood there in awe." 
Ruby “Wow sis, I wish I was creative like you.”
Rose “You just have to let your mind loose; now you give it a try.”
Rose "I pointed to the rest of the sticks." 
Ruby "I picked them up and had a wary expression; he rotated the sticks in his hand."
Rose "Suddenly, his face perked up, as if a lightbulb just popped up in his head."
Ruby "He started to shape the sticks." 
Rose "At first I didn’t know what shape he was creating." 
Rose "It was a star."
Ruby "See, I knew you could do it." 
Ruby "Chuckled, thanks but we should really go back to the shed now.”
Rose “Yeah it’s getting dark out.” 
Rose "I picked up the painting and the flowers then we ran as fast as we could."
Rose "When we finally got to the shed it started to rain." 
Rose "We headed inside the shed, and I placed the painting on the floor along with the flowers because first we needed to clean up the webs and dust around the place." 
Rose "I knew how to dust but never had to because we had housekeepers." 
Rose "Fortunately, there was a duster in the corner of the shed." 
Rose "Ruby was kneeling with his hands on his knees." 
Rose “I’m going to dust off the place and you’ll deal with the cobwebs.” 
Ruby "groaned but nodded." 
Rose "Our first night away from home."
Rose "I grabbed the duster and started to dust off the tools and then the door." 
Rose "That was a workout." 
Rose "Lastly, I dusted off the corners of the shed." 
Rose "Phew."
Rose "I gave Ruby the duster so he could easily take down the webs, 5 minutes later he was all done." 
Rose "The house looked cleaner; now we needed to place our decor."
Ruby "AHA."
Rose "I placed the painting on top of the shelf that carried tools and put some tools on the ground."
Rose "Behind those tools, there was a vase."
Rose "My luck." 
Rose "I grabbed the duster and dusted off the vase." 
Rose "I grabbed the flowers and put them inside the vase, which I then put on the shelf." 
Rose "Voilà." 
Rose "The shed was complete." 
Rose "Suddenly I heard a stomach growling and that stomach was Ruby’s." 
Ruby “My stomach is giving away that I’m starving.”
Rose "My stomach also growled." 
Rose "We didn’t have anywhere to get food from." 
Rose “We will have to go without eating tonight.” 
Ruby "Looked at me with distraught eyes and then looked downcast."
Rose "We didn’t have to go through if we still lived there."
Rose "All the stuff we had left." 
Rose "I got to the floor and held my knees." 
Rose "We had a lot of stuff back home.”
Ruby “I know.” 
Rose “We took it all for granted… food, furniture, painted walls,." 
Ruby "But this is all we have and it’s for the better as long as we are with each other.” 
Rose "Ruby walked over and layed down, so did I."
Rose "I woke up to blinding sun rays."
Rose "Nature is acting strange again."
Rose "I don’t remember falling asleep, the last memory I can recall is Ruby laying down next to me."
Rose "I sat up and sighed when I realized we wouldn’t be able to eat breakfast again." 
Rose "We need to go."
Rose "Ruby rolled over and yawned then looked up at me."
Ruby “The sun is really nice today.” 
Rose “It is but not when it’s in my eyes.” 
Rose “We need to talk about what happened” 
Rose "I inhaled a sharp breath and steadied myself with my palms in the ground."
Rose “Sooo…umm…basically…I can produce fire from my hands.” 
Rose "He said, I know, how do you do it?”
Rose "I don’t know, it just happened out of nowhere and then dad was acting off- putting about it” 
Rose “He asked me these questions, like where does the fire come from and can you throw fireballs.” 
Rose “I was utterly scared” 
Ruby “I know what he was capable of, I called mom a while back and I asked why they divorced…" 
Ruby “She told me his ambition made him neglect our marriage”
Ruby "how could he”. 
Rose "I looked up at Ruby and his eyebrows were furrowed." 
Rose "You should have told me before, I never called mom because I thought she separated with him for no reason.” 
Rose "My eyes started to water and I felt a tear go down my cheek."
Rose "I love dad but what he did is not okay at all.”
Rose "More tears began to fall." 
Ruby "Ruby hugged me and started crying as well." 
Ruby “I know, I feel this way too.” 
Rose "A small puddle of tears formed in the ground."
Rose "After our crying stopped, we sat in peaceful silence."



